---
layout: post
title: It probably is an age thing..
---

It probably is an age thing.. it's true that you cannot force wisdom. It comes with age. Back then I was really a flip-flopping bastard. One that cannot seem to make his mind up. Always on a backpedal. Therefore I will be always glad to have met someone like you. Really transitioned me into something.... or someone. I sometimes say one thing and do the other back then, dropping words and not having the actions to back them up. But maybe it's the reason why I met you. To finally have that action to back up something. 

And I did. First time I met you I did, one way or another I have done it again, then the last time I met you. I did. I'm still doing it now. 

So TLDR; I will not reconnect with you again unless time permits it like I have said or fate determines that it should happen. I no longer want to force things on everything. I'm tired. After the rollercoaster ride I had last year. I determined I no longer want to force things. Too much love was wasted and time and resources could've been saved if I knew the ending of those stints, but regardless, i'm glad I experienced it. It truely made me into something.. or someone. I don't know.. but I do remember being extremely happy. But after that.. just felt.. gone. 

So no.... i'm truly sorry if I hurt you.. and i'm truly sorry if you're leaving cryptic clues and are expecting me to react or to see it. 
But I don't.

Thank you for your time, as I have always said before. 

But for now, I must say that what was existing is no longer there. 
The person that met you is no longer existing. 

The love I gave is yours to keep. 
Do remember my love if you have felt it.. because frankly,

I no longer remember it. 

Again, thank you, as always.

-Pfil
