---
layout: post
title: A letter for a flower
---

did you ever wondered why I did not reach out?<br>
at some point i wanted to,<br>
but i realized i had progressed a little bit since the last time we'd met,<br>
talking to you will only erase all of that,<br>
cause every interaction with you,<br>
little or none, still jitters my heart to the core.<br>

i guess i do feel pain,<br>
and my heart does too,<br>
imagine fixing something and leaving it in a worst state,<br>
imagine giving something someone to hold on to, and take it right then and there.<br>

you've had given me hope in life,<br>
and had taken it as if you're the only one entitled for that,<br>
that you were the somehow the judge, jury and the executioner,<br>
you were the hope and doom bringer.<br>

i was there,<br>
and and i was present,<br>
as you split my heart into thousand different pieces,<br>
as it's dying,<br>
i tried my best to pull it altogether,<br>

to make it somehow resemble what it was once was,<br>
a heart that was ready to love and to care,<br>
a heart for a human that was ready to live life again.<br>

but rome wasn't built in a day,<br>
i still shed every miniscule pieces of my heart every day,<br>
i still wonder why i had to meet you & leave you at my worst.<br>

maybe you did not realize it before,<br>
but you shattered every bit of my being when you took that away.<br>
it was the very reason why i held on for so long.<br>

every interaction thereafter was just pain,<br>
but my admiration and love for you was taking over,<br>
until it ran out, and things had to be ended.<br>

i only wanted to admire and love people,<br>
i guess it was just too much of an ask from you.<br>

i hope we never cross paths ever again.<br>
i will always thank you for the time you gave and we spent.<br>

but i sincerely hope that we never cross paths in this life ever again.<br>
i'm getting better.<br>

please don't come back and destroy me once again.<br>

- master
